I spent a bit of time looking for text I wanted to use. My two top contendors were this one and a tweet that reads "If God didn't want me to use the em dash, why did he enshrine it in nature? In the horizon line—the lightning-harrowed bough—the canyon's pink striation—the pupil of the goat." If I had done the tweet I would have tried to do more illustrative work with the text. The one I chose is from a letter by Moomin creator Tove Jansson.
I loaded the .txt file okay but then I found it easier to play with the effects I wanted by loading the strings directly in the sketch window, so that's what I stuck with. I thought a typewriter effect would be cool since the text is from a letter and I liked the idea of having a punchy duplicating effect for the final "I love you!" I struggled a bit more with a good concept for the middle chunk. I like that it is a long glowing run-on sentence and my original idea was to have the words kind of bunch up and overflow and cascade on the righthand side of the window, sort of like the Evan Roth example. I poked around for some code that seemed like it could help but I didn't find many good examples (or maybe wasn't using great search terms?). Then I decided having the typewriter effect speed up could be a good way to show the enthusiasm and vigor of the letter. 
I had trouble with textWrap(WORD). Everytime I tried it I got duplicated letters where the words ran into the text box. I ended up using (CHAR) instead so things wouldn't be mispelled. 